# FPR Evaluation of FPR-0005


- [x] **1. Has the FPR been submitted correctly?**
  - [x] A. Correctly titled?
  - [x] B. Used the full FPR template?
  - [x] C. Pull request correctly made to the BCF FPR repo?
  
- [x] **2. Have all sections of the template been completed?**
  - [x] A. Project Name
  - [x] B. Start Date
  - [x] C. Hashtag
  - [x] D. Name of BCF Chat room
  - [x] E. Stakeholders
  - [x] F. Project Summary
  - [x] G. Resources
  - [x] H. Budget
  - [x] I. Timeline
  - [x] J. Goals
  - [x] K. Other
  
- [ ] **3. Is it well formatted for legibility?**

- [x] **4. Does the project have a non-profit purpose?**
  
- [x] **5. Has it been completed with enough detail for the scale of the project?**

- [x] **6. Is the team trustworthy enough for the funding requirement?**

- [x] **7. Are the objectives S.M.A.R.T?**
  - [x] A. Specific
  - [x] B. Measurable
  - [x] C. Agreed Upon
  - [x] D. Realistic
  - [x] E. Time-bound 

- [x] **8. Are the stakeholders realistically providing volunteered time?**
  
- [x] **9. What is the cost vs impact?**
  
Cost = $3200

Impact

- 20-50 businesses, 
- 100-200 people at conference, 
- 10,000 person reach,
- reuseable content for other conferences,
- useful data for further conferences and marketing.
  
- [x] **10. Has the FPR been accepted or denied?**
  - [ ] Accepted.
  - [x] Denied.
  
- [x] **11. If denied, what are the reasons for denial?**

It has been denied because it has failed point 3. Formatting needs to be fixed in the 'Budget' section for readability.  
To do a line return two spaces need to be put at the end of a line. Alternatively a list can be used.
